## Instructions for securing the secret keys in the Serverless Store app

The app contains various keys such as Stripe API keys and Sendgrid API keys that need to be kept private, as well as Firebase configuration that could be made public but could also be kept private. These secret keys need to be in the folder `extras/cloudbuild` (and don't need to be anywhere else in the app). Based on the [docs](https://medium.com/@ratrosy/set-up-serverless-store-part-3-computing-cron-jobs-and-management-tools-34d51475df70), once the keys are in this folder, we need to copy this folder to Google Cloud Storage. Once the configuration is on cloud storage, the following deployments will read the build configuration from the storage bucket (instead of from the app files). This means that all the references to secret keys in the `app` or other folders can be deleted from the source code. When committing to version control, we can then simply ignore (or untrack if it's already being tracked) the `extras/cloudbuild` directory that contains the secrets with `git rm --cached -rf extras/cloudbuild/`. If the secrets/API keys need to be updated, the changes need to be made to the files in the `extras/cloudbuild` folder, and we then need to upload this folder once again to the same Google Cloud Storage bucket. And with this setup, the changes to the folder wouldn't be tracked by git - This is also why `.gitignore` includes the `extras/cloudbuild` directory. See [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/serverless-store-demo/tree/master/extras/cloudbuild) for what the directory looks like.
